# hw4
 DBhw4 Web-app

Group number: MPA09A


Before you run our program:
1. Please make sure you have node.js and npm installed 
2. Please direct to the hw4 folder, and look for a file name password.json (if the file does not exist, please find it under the /server folder). Update the name and password variables with your Linux account name and credential.


Run the program:
1. Please lanuch the PowerShell, change the directory into the server folder, do a "npm install", and then run the server by command 'node server.js' in repository 'server'
2. When the server is running in the background, please direct to the hw4/client folder in the File Explorer. Now, simply open the client.js file
3. When you get into our main page, please first click on the "Refresh DB!" button, as this will initialized our database 
4. To check in or modify the tickets, please press 'CUSTOMER & CLERK Check In & Edit your Booking Info' button
5. To book ticket, please stay in the main page and go through the following instructions 


Reservation:
1. Select your flight Plan - OneWay, RoundTrip, or MultipleFlight
   -[OneWay] : only one flight ID required
   -[RoundTrip] : Two flight ID required, please select the returning flight yourself :) Sorry!
   -[MultipleFlight] : one to as many as flight you wish to book (Press Increase Flight to add flight, Press Decrese Flight to drop a flight) NEW FEATURE!!!
2. Input the 4 digits flight ID corresponding to flight schedule appear above
3. Input the 16 digits Credit Card infomation 
4. Input the passenger's Name, Phone number(integer), email(required '@' and '.'), and age(integer)
5. Select number of checked bags, movie and meal option 
6. Add addition members if not travelling alone, then repeat instruction 4-5
7. Once double check all inputted infomation, continue and press 'Book Ticket'
8. Your booking information will generate at the bottom, REMEMBER to mark down your Booking Reference


Modify / Check-in / Cancel:
1. Type your Booking Reference(6 digits) in the text box
2. Press 'Show my booking info' and your booking info will appear
    -[Edit]: You are allowed to edit your Name, phone, email, and age
    1. Press 'Edit' of the person you wish to make change
    2. Change the infomation and Press 'Save Changes'
    3. Type your Booking reference again to see the updated info
    -[Delete]:
    1. Press 'Delete' of the flight you wich to delete
    2. Type your Booking reference again and you'll see the changes 
    -[CheckIn]:
    1. Press 'Check In' of the flight you wich to Check in
    2. Type your Booking reference again and you'll see the changes 

Refresh Data Base:
You can reset the database by press 'Refresh DB' use wit cautions because all of your booking info will be deleted

Logout:
You can refresh the page by pressing 'Log Out'

Addition infomation:
1. the price of each flight ticket is $1000, however, we are giving the 20% off for follow groups:
 - youths (  < 18 years old) 
 - seniors (  > 56 years old)

 2. We charge an extra $10 for adding the movie option
 3. we charge an extra $20 for adding the meal option
 4. We change 8% taxes of the total transaction 


Thank you for using our service, hope to see you again!